README.md, before:

# mail

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/janis-commerce/mail.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/janis-commerce/mail)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/janis-commerce/mail/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/janis-commerce/mail?branch=master)

A package to handle emails

## Installation
```sh
npm install @janiscommerce/mail
```

### Mail structure
The `Mail [Object]` parameter have the following structure:
- **`to [String|Array]`** (required): The emails addresses to send the email
- **`templateCode [String|Array]`** (required): The code of the template
- **`data [Object]`** (optional): This property is a JSON that includes all the data that can use in the template email.
- **`subject [String]`** (optional): This is the subject of the email string.
- **`cc [String|Array]`** (optional): The emails addresses to send the email in the cc field.
- **`bcc [String|Array]`** (optional): The emails addresses to send the email in the bcc field.
- **`replyTo [String|Array]`** (optional): The emails addresses to send the replyTo of the email.
- **`entity [String|Number]`** (optional): The entity to associated to the email.
- **`entity_id [String|Number]`** (optional): The entity Id to associated to the email.

### Mail example
```js
{
  to: 'info@janis.im',
  templateCode: 'template-code-name',
  cc: 'log',
  bcc: 'mail@example.com',
  replyTo: ['mail@example.com'],
  subject: 'email subject',
  entity: 'order',
  entityId: '0acefd5e-cb90-4531-b27a-e4d236f07539',
  data: {
    name: 'exampleName',
    lastName: 'exampleLastName'
   }
}
```

## Usage
```js
const Mail = require('@janiscommerce/mail');

Mail.setTo('some-client')
  .setCC('mail@example.com')
  .setBCC(['mail@example.com'])
  .setReplyTo(['mail@example.com'])
  .setSubject('Email Subject')
  .setEntity('order')
  .setEntityId('5de565c07de99000110dcdef')
  .setData({
  		someField: 'someFieldValue',
  		otherField: 'otherFieldValue'
  })
  .setTemplateCode('template-code')
  .send();
```

## Errors

The errors are informed with a `MailError`.
This object has a code that can be useful for a correct error handling.
The codes are the following:

| Code | Description                    |
|------|--------------------------------|
| 1    | Requiered field missing        |
| 2    | Invalid field type             |
| 3    | No Service Name Setted         |
| 4    | Microservice call Error        |

Commit message:

inject session if exist, add methods setClientCode, and setBody

README.md, after:

# mail

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/janis-commerce/mail.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/janis-commerce/mail)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/janis-commerce/mail/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/janis-commerce/mail?branch=master)

A package to handle emails

## Installation
```sh
npm install @janiscommerce/mail
```

### Mail structure
The `Mail [Object]` parameter have the following structure:
- **`to [String|Array]`** (required): The emails addresses to send the email
- **`templateCode [String|Array]`** (required): The code of the template
- **`data [Object]`** (optional): This property is a JSON that includes all the data that can use in the template email.
- **`subject [String]`** (optional): This is the subject of the email string.
- **`cc [String|Array]`** (optional): The emails addresses to send the email in the cc field.
- **`bcc [String|Array]`** (optional): The emails addresses to send the email in the bcc field.
- **`replyTo [String|Array]`** (optional): The emails addresses to send the replyTo of the email.
- **`entity [String|Number]`** (optional): The entity to associated to the email.
- **`entity_id [String|Number]`** (optional): The entity Id to associated to the email.
- **`body [String]`** (optional): The body to use for the email.
- **`clientCode [String]`** (optional): The clientCode to use for sent the email from the correct client.

### Mail example
```js
{
  to: 'info@janis.im',
  templateCode: 'template-code-name',
  cc: 'log',
  bcc: 'mail@example.com',
  replyTo: ['mail@example.com'],
  subject: 'email subject',
  entity: 'order',
  entityId: '0acefd5e-cb90-4531-b27a-e4d236f07539',
  data: {
    name: 'exampleName',
    lastName: 'exampleLastName'
   }
}
```

## Usage
```js
const Mail = require('@janiscommerce/mail');

Mail.setTo('some-client')
  .setCC('mail@example.com')
  .setBCC(['mail@example.com'])
  .setReplyTo(['mail@example.com'])
  .setSubject('Email Subject')
  .setEntity('order')
  .setEntityId('5de565c07de99000110dcdef')
  .setBody('body of email')
  .setData({
  		someField: 'someFieldValue',
  		otherField: 'otherFieldValue'
  })
  .setTemplateCode('template-code')
  .setClientCode('client-code')
  .send();
```

## ClientCode injection
The package needs the clientCode to be able to send the emails and these same ones save in the base of the correct client, since it uses the MS of Janis Mailing.
You can instanciate the Package from a service by doing `this.session.getSessionInstance(Mail)`, or even when generating the email, add the `clientCode` using the `.setClientCode('clientCode')` method, and it will be sent with the apiKeys of the service with which you are using the package.

## Errors

The errors are informed with a `MailError`.
This object has a code that can be useful for a correct error handling.
The codes are the following:

| Code | Description                    |
|------|--------------------------------|
| 1    | Requiered field missing        |
| 2    | Invalid field type             |
| 3    | Microservice call Error        |
